Add subpath handling to FAQ (#253)
nmattia/niv: README.tpl.md

GITHUB_TOKEN=$YOUR_GITHUB_TOKEN niv add ...
```

### How do I import a subpath of a source?

In order to use the directory `dir` of a `my-package`, use the following
pattern:

``` nix
let
  sources = import ./nix/sources.nix;
in sources.my-package + "/dir"
```

> where `sources.my-package` is the root directory, and `+ "/dir"` appends the

Reviewer: This is great! For some added clarity, I would suggest the following:

```suggestion
in this example, `sources.my-package` becomes `my-package`'s root directory, and `+ "/dir"` appends the
```

Author: That's great! I never know what's clear and what's not.
